also to Barcelona
who was born on March 6, 1986 the newspaper Lima province of Buenos Aires
and is 23 years old
he registered a kiss
of 61 kilos and a half
when I beat him by points in four rounds ap juan flowers at home his
last presentation
was on September 26, 2009 las vegas won by knockout
technician in the first assault on Nestor
in vatican
province of buenos aires its record consists of 15 victories six of them
before the limit the pupil of roberto ruiz is undefeated
the santiagueño
william peace
ladies and gentlemen know the stories friend of america we are at 25
the stick season number 17 boxing first today santa rosa oy la pampa
and the center of the ring
for a man who shares the pugilistic announcement
and the office of the payador carlos gómez good night listens to moderate
nine p.m
We hug
to live another boxing evening in the best style
the first boxing beggar for an adequate price
steve the city of santa rosa aza federal capital
I like it
You are reminded
at the distance of 4 abrao
the square in the category
in the corner
natural
from the town of arribeños province of buenos aires accused in the balance
sixty-one kilo 500 6 1% marcelino
then to ee
the blue goal
born in capital tucumán
Acosta of the balance up to 73 kilos 300
it will be in 3d growing
Mr. Rodolfo Ortega
they are jury
the gentlemen sunday to a young
carlos r
josé luis paz
the municipal box commission ends
from the city
of santa rosa
One night Rodolfo Stella
well I remember her be careful in the fight hit under young truck
immediately comply with the san lorenzo regulation
on his return to dialogue
the set one hundred
liquor by marcelino lópez
that appears as the figurine of the meeting
unbeaten in 15 presentations the history of asia and definitions
categorical
3 the character and now based on camp camping
4 orchards
with roberto puccino ruiz who was Argentine middleweight champion
tucumán unt
he also remembered the village of 2008
permanent ambassadors of the provinces
every time they appear
and remember their mountain
mariano aguirre is playing to look for the pride of chiqueros
they are my humble
to this kind of celestial adventure
who had an important career start
The Tucuman Luis Castillo was shot all over the world
all the world
well get that zelaya
let's see if aguirre can break the arm wrestling
activision to the left past of aguirretxe liters
alan jara
speaks Catalan
this margin of outrages countries and student
betis mudo tempranero time a very nice service from llopis left
we mark in the moment
it is a mark close to the cut
the one that accompanies tucumano is interesting until the moment the opening
of sea and land on the
by marcelino lópez
those who are risking much mentioned
of serv suter and is open
to place it on November 21 authorize it
against former world champion Javier Alvarez
at the most of his career
after that it is seen clearly bardoned the own rue
the importance of having an opening hand that I did impose respect
this is not only they are useless
we have a lot of offensive potential
we remember we are waiting for the shock the coast of argentina court the states
United
and surely gilbert the whole team will be in white sports fenoy york
waiting for the official report and the advance payment of charito style to mónica
Acosta 63 kilograms the challenger Nicol Butch of the United States
61 kilos 800
jumping want to confuse
not that way
They worry about the feet
the bailing with northern head
at birth my friends are to play on Saturday